Fat boy, let go
Tiger, we have to be sorry, let go
I hit him too many times
Which time are you talking about?
Tell you I'm from the Tiger Gang
Temple of God, do you know?
I know your family.
If you don't want your whole family to be destroyed
Just settle down with this old thing
Apologize to me.
Good Mom
Yes, I'm here.
I'll handle it.
Ouch.
You green turtle came out at a good time
Tomorrow is your woman and the son of the Zhao family
What a big wedding day!
Oh, dear.
Can't drink the wedding wine
You won't even see the sun tomorrow
Mom, tell the truth, did they hit you?
I hit him and I told you
I not only hit him
Even his eyes are my mother's
You mad dog
Of course die